female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
female	9	She was able to recover the submarine 's commanding officer , her executive officer , and 18 other crewmen .	officer
female	10	Her crew heard an explosion ; but , when the officer at the conn peered through her periscope , he saw a charging escort instead of a sinking ship .	officer
female	37	The marriage likely gave Lady Drake the ear of many senior naval officers in addition to those of other distinguished persons known to her father , George Onslow , Member of Parliament and an ex - army officer and her grandfather , Lieutenant - General Richard Onslow .	officer
female	6	After remarks by her last commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander R. C. Wilgenbusch , USN , her ensign , jack , and commissioning pennant were hauled down , the watch was secured , and the ship was transferred to the U.S. Naval Ship Repair Facility , Long Beach .	officer
female	3	However , police officer Shaukat Pervaiz , a neighbour , responded to her screams .	officer
female	7	According to her investigation , the commanding officer , identified as Captain R. , verified her death by shooting her from point - blank range .	officer
female	27	In November he was appointed inspector of the new torpedo-boat Winslow , and when she went into commission on December 28 , he was made her executive officer under Lieutenant J .	officer
female	13	As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in , communications officer Cindy -LRB- Mary Appleseth -RRB- realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it , with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck -LRB- Chuck Pennington -RRB- .	officer
female	16	Her crew spent more of their time attempting to repair her rather than patrolling and one officer likened her operation to that of an aircraft , requiring frequent maintenance ; The difference being that an aircraft has a flight crew to operate the aircraft and a maintenance crew for its upkeep .	officer
female	11	Her father , R Nagaraja Reddy , is an Indian Army officer and her mother , R Padma Vathi , a housewife .	officer
female	21	Mondal was born and raised in Kolkata , where her father worked as a West Bengal Civil Services ( WBCS ) officer and her mother worked at the State Bank of India .	officer
female	6	51 , 52 Should the police officer have fired her gun despite the possibility of hitting bystanders ? What if the man turned out not to have been a terrorist ? Shooting the culprit could have saved innocent lives , though the officer 's restraint can hardly be condemned .	officer
female	12	Hoping to clear the explosive fumes , an inexperienced damage - control officer ordered her ventilation system to operate at full blast .	officer
female	25	"Ester Percivati , a young Turkish woman , recalled guards calling her a whore as she was marched to the toilet , where a woman officer forced her head down into the bowl and a male jeered "" Nice arse !"	officer
female	2	A liaison officer writes a letter to Colin on her behalf at the end of the book , which Colin leaves in an airplane 's ashtray .	officer
female	2	A police officer recognized her picture from the newspaper and arrested her for failure to complete her community service from a past drunk driving conviction .	officer
female	23	In January 2013 , escorted by Chevalier Paul , she took part in the ill-fated operation to retrieve Denis Allex , a DGSE officer held hostage in Bulo Marer .	officer
female	3	Afterwards , the officer made advances towards Charlotte , which she refused .	officer
female	21	Educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar , where she began to paint in earnest , Ahluwalia married an Indian Army officer and has two daughters .	officer
female	2	A nursing officer indicated how she made sense of the transmission route of different EIDs while understanding their infectiousness as follows :	officer
female	7	In her complaint , Jemison said the officer physically and emotionally mistreated her .	officer
female	13	""" Athabaskan "" was not assigned to the area , but the commanding officer of "" Princeton "" specifically requested her assistance ."	officer
female	5	Devi reluctantly married to police officer who is belongs to her caste .	officer
female	10	At the moment of the explosion , Bergamot 's first officer , Lieutenant Frederick W. Siddall , and her probationer surgeon , Robert S.Smith were both in her wardroom .	officer
female	3	Hickox told the officer who took the temperature that she was very upset and the forehead reading was probably inaccurate .	officer
female	12	During World War II her father , as a Royal Yugoslav Army officer , was captured and imprisoned in a war camp in Germany .	officer
female	5	Her father was a military officer , and her mother the French - educated daughter of a judge ; her family moved frequently due to her father 's career , finally settling in Athens .	officer
female	23	Meanwhile , Prashanth 's sister Lakshmi is a famous criminal lawyer nursing a sad past and wanting revenge against Sujatha , a police officer and her husband Jai Shanker , a judge .	officer
female	11	"The indictment alleges that Neumar "" sought out a former police officer and her neighbor to kill her husband in the months before his death "" , with the motive allegedly being his $ 20,000 life insurance policy ."	officer
female	2	A police officer told her that she was `` playing music calling for the overthrow of the regime '' , and asked her to turn down the volume .	officer
female	1	The officer claims she gave commands both in English and Spanish -LRB- Lara did not speak English -RRB- .	officer
female	4	Another journalist said an officer shot at least one pepper bullet at her feet .	officer
female	4	A non - commissioned officer then walked up to her body , pulled out his revolver , and shot her in the head to make sure she was dead .	officer
female	5	However , a determined young officer , Alexei Chernoff ( William Eythe ) , insists on an audience with her for the sake of Russia .	officer
female	17	While on her maiden voyage , early in the morning of 6 December 1908 , the second officer reported a small fire in the lower starboard bunker extending all the way to the engine room .	officer
female	6	A social worker and a police officer from Haringey council , Lisa Arthurworrey and Karen Jones , respectively , were assigned to her case , and were scheduled to make a home visit on 4 August 1999 ; however , the visit was cancelled once they heard about the scabies .	officer
female	2	The police officer then told Maria her time with Tony was up .	officer
female	8	Thorn 's life is suddenly disrupted when police officer Thaddeus Bartholomew comes to her door and announces that her ex - husband Lucas , ( who is also Rupert 's brother ) has been kidnapped .	officer
female	1	The officer confronts the headmistress , but she claims that the girls ran away .	officer
female	2	The first officer , Mr Gorridge , falls for her bluff and tells her that they ’re setting off for Sri Lanka at 5:00 pm tomorrow .	officer
female	13	"According to a later defector from the Pyongyang Defense Command , a female officer collapsed after her appendix burst following the parade , to which she was "" praised "" by her superiors for having concealed it ."	officer
female	1	The officer accused Fritz of her death and had him put in jail , where he suffered all sorts of tortures .	officer
female	2	A police officer named McClaren ( Lance Henriksen ) attempts to interrogate her , and when she refuses to talk she is deported to the USA .	officer
female	6	"In her letter , EAC returning officer Cora Ho Lai - sheung rejected Leung 's nomination with the attachment of Leung 's Facebook posts , newspaper clippings and cited transcripts of his remarks at press conferences , and stated that although Leung had signed the forms , she did not believe that Leung "" genuinely changed his previous stance for independence . """	officer
female	9	Her father , Narendrakumar Jethwani is a Merchant navy officer and her mother , Asha Jethwani is a manager with The Reserve Bank of India and a Gold medallist in Economics .	officer
female	5	Her father was an army officer and her mother a Kathak dancer who worked in television as a producer .	officer
female	6	Her husband , a serving police officer , was charged with her murder .	officer
female	2	A police officer approaches her to ask for her identity and she reveals her name to be Sara Harvey .	officer
female	31	One evening while walking through the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , an area known to be strolled by transgender sex workers , Sparks said she was harassed by a police officer , who demanded to see her identification and questioned what she was doing there .	officer
female	7	In a sub - plot , Nazi officer Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group , pursues Ingrid – despite her pregnancy – as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the ' Aryan beauty ' to populate the new Germany .	officer
female	29	On the morning of 27 June 1954 a CIA-operated P-38M Lightning flying over Puerto San Jos e destroyed the British cargo ship with napalm bombs , because the CIA officer in local command of the insurgent `` Liberation Air Force '' believed she was unloading weapons .	officer
female	4	A CIA career agency officer , Anne Goodpasture , admitted in sworn testimony that she had disseminated the tapes of these phone calls herself .	officer
female	2	The immigration officer rejected her application without giving reasons .	officer
female	3	A theatre nursing officer who has worked at a Belfast ' front line ' hospital for 20 years , said this week that her hardest job is turning down immediate offers of help from other nurses during major disasters .	officer
female	29	Kay is trying on one of Constance ' s gowns , and , since she does not look like a maid anymore , she and Shorty convince the revenue officer that she is Jimmy ' s wife .	officer
female	6	He was the U.S. Navy liaison officer to the United States Senate and almost 18 years her senior .	officer
female	3	"When a Nazi officer once commented on her legs , Strobos gained more courage : """	officer
female	15	Second Class passenger Nellie Becker protested her way into lifeboat number 11 , after an officer placed her son and younger daughter in the boat .	officer
female	7	Approximately six hours later , a police officer discovered her body , which had been stabbed multiple times and strangled , in a grassy area near Prince George 's County Hospital , along an access ramp to Route 202 from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway .	officer
female	2	A security officer , missed by Medusa during her entry , discovers her presence and hits the alarm , meaning she has to flee .	officer
female	26	"In 1919 , the "" Thistle "" was ordered back around the Cape of Good Hope to West Africa , but not before her new commanding officer had restored her sailing rig in order to compensate for her damaged engines ."	officer
female	17	"Shortly after being arrested Seim posted a Facebook Live video in which he claimed that the police officer was "" harassing some woman in her pickup truck "" and "" trying to be cool "" , so he started to record the stop ."	officer
female	3	She told the officer who responded that she had observed five armed intruders trying to steal her vehicle and hide rifles on her property .	officer
female	11	Her father , Joseph J. Moseley , was a Chicago police officer and jail guard and her mother , Edna A. ( Davie ) , was a medical technician in a hospital .	officer
female	2	The personnel officer said that she was sure Burma would become a member soon and advised her to fill the application and leave it with her .	officer
female	17	This is most likely due to the controversial plot , where a middle - aged female probation officer is seduced by a 17-year - old male teen in her charge .	officer
female	29	After Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors , the group leaves to track down Isabella , who has gone into labor at the police station , while the officer on duty rushes Isabella to the hospital in her van .	officer
female	5	"She is the first woman officer in the Indian Railway Traffic Service on South Central Railway and her 2009 TED talk is ranked among the top twelve "" Incredible TED talks on cancer "" ."	officer
female	9	While in prison , she reported that a corrections officer broke her jaw .	officer
female	1	Another officer , Shane Doyle ( Paul McEwan ) , makes a pass at her .	officer
female	2	A CBSA officer had searched her phone and demanded her password , after which she was strip searched and held in detention for 14 hours .	officer
female	10	Her father , Vladimir Rozanov , was a district police officer and her mother , Elizaveta Rozanova , was the daughter of an Orthodox priest .	officer
female	20	"His film "" A Stranger Among Us "" , for example , is the story of a woman undercover police officer and her experiences in a Hasidic community within New York City ."	officer
female	10	Commenting about the dissemination of EID information , a nursing officer summed up her experience in disease management with the following remark : ' All along in the management of different kinds of EID , the information we received from the department changed too rapidly , almost every day .	officer
female	10	Shortly afterwards her cell was visited by the deputy medical officer , who ordered that she should get up and dress .	officer
female	24	As well as being one of the first novels to feature a female detective as the main character , Orczy 's outstandingly successful police officer preceded her real life female counterparts by a decade .	officer
female	2	A police officer sees Jaden in the back seat with a bag over his head , and she and her partner give pursuit .	officer
female	4	"Sheldrake 's "" commanding officer directed minesweeping operations out of Takao until 21 December , and she reentered Shanghai on the 22d ."	officer
female	13	Finding herself in that situation in real life , Sayers married a naval officer .	officer
female	13	International Association of Women Police Excellence in Performance Award is given to an officer who distinguishes herself through superior attention to duty or outstanding investigative effort , which leads to the identification , location , or arrest of a major criminal or criminal activity .	officer
female	10	"She observed that there were several occasions when the station officer could not go home to her family : "" I saw how she had an entire sleeping area set up at her police station . """	officer
female	2	Executive intelligence officer Vera Atkins was cremated after her death and the ashes scattered in the churchyard .	officer
female	14	The hoax began the night of July 9 , 1977 , when a police officer happened upon her standing beside a road not far from the shopping mall in the Chicago suburb of Homewood , where she lived and where she worked in a Long John Silver 's seafood restaurant .	officer
female	23	Myrtle Claire Bachelder ( March 13 , 1908 – May 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist and Women 's Army Corps officer , who is noted for her secret work on the Manhattan Project atomic bomb program , and for the development of techniques in the chemistry of metals .	officer
female	5	Her father was an Army officer and her maternal grandmother was English .	officer
female	5	"By the time the senior officer aboard "" Benjamin Peirce "" , Sailing Master P. R. Hawley , could get her crew on deck , "" Seminole "" was only 50 yards ( 46 meters ) away ."	officer
female	18	Even while she still sought to locate Korby , Chapel was deeply infatuated with the Enterprises half-Vulcan science officer , Spock .	officer
female	4	She is the mystery officer herself .	officer
female	8	"With her commanding officer ashore , her repair officer , Lieutenant Commander John F. P. Miller , took command . "" Medusa "" fired on a Japanese Type A midget submarine she sighted in the harbor , ceasing fire on it when destroyer closed in to sink the submarine . """	officer
female	15	I am so incensed by the report about the shortsighted view expressed by the RCN officer in Northern Ireland and her objection to the anti-dog fouling poster showing a boy squatting ( News May 22 ) .	officer
female	8	At Edwards Air Force Base , an NSA officer informs her superior about intercepting a signal .	officer
female	35	Salem convinces the producers to conclude the show 's season with a wedding , but the Palestinian investors demand that the spy sets off a bomb at the wedding — killing herself , the Israeli officer , and his comrades .	officer
female	30	Incensed , Khan is reported to have kicked up a ruckus in the Immigration area saying he was detained because he was a Muslim and sought an apology from the officer who merely said she was doing her duty .	officer
female	13	It shows the interactions between two different type of roles : The compliance officer , with a background in law , identifies the applicable regulations , and for each law she generates a reference model .	officer
female	11	She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire / Normandie station .	officer
female	2	"A bank officer misspelled her name on the application as "" Lane "" , so that became the name of the store ."	officer
female	24	Following the 2010 occupation of the Complexo do Alemão by the Brazilian Army , Morena meets Theo ( Rodrigo Lombardi ) , a cavalry officer who is charmed by her spontaneity and sensuality .	officer
female	13	After the family sleep at a bus shelter and Bianca assaults a police officer , Tiffany and her siblings spend a week in care , but the family later move to Walford , where they move in with her great - grandmother Pat Evans ( Pam St Clement ) .	officer
female	25	He is saved from the hard decision by an ' accident ' during medical treatment of the soldier ( it is implied that his medical officer , Diana Alsever , took the decision into her own hands ) and then by a Tauran attack on the solar system .	officer
female	1	The officer later said she showed up on that occasion simply because the prosecutor asked her to .	officer
female	2	A single officer arrived approximately 25 minutes after her call .	officer
female	2	When the officer asked what she was doing , her sarcastic response got her another ride to the Marin County jail .	officer
female	5	After they resized the police officer and her mitini were her children .	officer
female	4	The mother of the officer , Valerie Zamarripa , distanced herself from her ex - husband 's lawsuit , saying that it did not reflect her views , or the views of the foundation set up in her son 's name .	officer
female	12	Her father , Mr. Somashekharan Nair , works as an Income tax officer and her mother , Anitha Soman , is a home maker .	officer
female	17	Karthik falls in love with his classmate Pavithra ( Ashna Zaveri ) , daughter of an IFS officer ( Urvashi ) who is separated from her husband ( Thalaivasal Vijay ) .	officer
female	4	England 's chief nursing officer launched her framework for the profession at the RCN headquarters in London - hailing it as a ' fantastic opportunity ' to provide a first class service .	officer
female	4	"Chief - executive - officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider shared her thoughts on "" The Predator "" and Shane Black and Fred Dekker 's script :   Section::::3::::Casting ."	officer
female	21	"A nurse said the morgue at the local hospital was "" overcrowded "" with 40 or more bodies ; a police officer backed her report ."	officer
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Army officer and her mother was a homemaker .	officer
female	35	In 2010 , Woodall was with a group of Courtauld students protesting about increased university tuition fees when they reportedly received rough treatment from the Metropolitan Police with Woodall herself being picked up by an officer and thrown into a group of protestors .	officer
female	6	Mutharam 's lead is a Police Officer who fights against criminals is her past life and feels guilty of being a criminal ’s daughter .	officer
female	10	This year , Dr. Maraldo , NLN 's chief executive officer , shares with us her vision .	officer
female	3	The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz , who has aroused suspicion .	officer
female	14	There was great controversy when the princess married Lorentzen , a businessman and army officer who had served as her bodyguard during the War , as she was the first Norwegian Royal to marry a commoner .	officer
female	11	In another instance , Chrissy was picked up by a police officer who assumed she was a prostitute , despite her innocent and good intentions .	officer
female	6	On June 1995 , a police officer at a hotel caused a fuss with her and became a topic .	officer
female	15	After escaping and telling police about the thugs , they are captured and the police officer takes him to her house for the night .	officer
female	1	The officer she assaulted tried to stop her when she tries to take Elijah out of the facility .	officer
female	10	Her father , Elliott Coates , was a merchant navy officer and her mother , Mary Peck , was an actress .	officer
female	19	According to Dr. Baird she was told that she was not allowed to wear insignia , but the commanding officer of the hospital gave her permission to wear a cord on her hat denoting lieutenant .	officer
female	1	The officer congratulated her and placed a cigarette in her mouth , but she spat out the cigarette , and spat in his face .	officer
female	2	A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it .	officer
female	5	Unfortunately , a nearby police officer mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela .	officer
female	15	Later , following a prison break which involves the murder of a West Berlin corrections officer , Rita and her comrades flee via the Friedrichstraße train station into East Berlin .	officer
female	3	The juvenile court officer testified that she was `` adamant that at some point she wanted her child back .	officer
female	14	Spring arrives as Anna sits on the porch singing a Dakota song when tribal officer Calvin Wind Soldier arrives with a naked Jeanette with a towel around her and clutching her shoes .	officer
female	46	"The U.S. Navy acquired "" Vergana "" from Crcoker in the spring of 1917 for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. The date of her acquisition and delivery to the Navy are unclear ; according to her logbook , her first commanding officer , Ensign E. Dahlgren , USNRF , reported aboard on 16 April 1917 , but some sources state that she was not delivered to the Navy until 4 May 1917 ."	officer
female	12	She was raised in Taichung by her father who was a police officer and her mother who was a teacher .	officer
female	1	The officer then assigned her husband to the most dangerous jobs , which he survived thanks to his wife 's help .	officer
female	11	Her father was a high - ranking African - American naval officer and her mother , Donna Blackmon , a talented singer .	officer
female	12	"Jo cooperated , only to meet stern "" justice "" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds , and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut ."	officer
female	2	Her commanding officer reluctantly hauled down her colors .	officer
female	1	"The officer leading the Gale Forces that abducted Nor and her family in "" Wicked "" ."	officer
female	3	An undercover police officer discovered what she was doing , and on the night of January 14 , 1981 , police raided Rathbun ' s home and found more than of cannabis , 54 dozen cannabis brownies , and an assortment of other drugs .	officer
female	1	Another officer shoots her two remaining co - workers , then herself .	officer
female	9	Before she leaves , she also meets a police officer who has a feeling that Alice is in trouble .	officer
female	9	Gerda Wegener went on to marry an Italian military officer , aviator , and diplomat , Major Fernando `` Nando '' Porta , and move to Morocco , where she would learn of the death of Elbe , whom she described to a friend as `` my poor little Lily `` -LRB- by contrast , she described her second husband as `` a magnificent , splendid and peerless hunk of man '' -RRB- .	officer
female	6	In 2007 she was appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and her contribution to the independent schools ' sector .	officer
female	22	Though the camera was n't properly functioning , and she had announced to the officer that she was recording , a second officer approached her vehicle and demanded to see her camera .	officer
female	11	He calls his girlfriend , Erin , who is a police officer , as well as her ex - boyfriend , Bo , the chief of police .	officer
female	3	A former police officer , Derian McCall ( Rebecca De Mornay ) , handed her badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend , opened a detective agency .	officer
female	2	The arresting officer says she failed a sobriety test .	officer
female	2	"A police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us . """	officer
female	35	"By mid-2013 , McMahon returned to regular on - air appearances in the WWE , this time under the gimmick of an unctuous , judgmental , bullying owner along with on - screen chief operating officer , her husband , Triple H. From 2013 to 2016 , they acted as a power couple known as The Authority , making what were often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for "" what 's best for business , "" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection ."	officer
female	1	The officer , who pulled Clark over , had suspected that she had consumed alcohol and asked her to do sobriety test , after which Clark refused and was charged with a DUI and implied consent .	officer
female	9	Soon after the hit , the ship 's commanding officer ordered her abandoned , and she went down in eight minutes .	officer
female	7	"On 18 April , "" Tang""s executive officer delivered spare parts for the air compressor to "" Trigger "" , and she continued on patrol ."	officer
female	8	Upon her arrival to San Diego her commanding officer refused to let her on base due to her sexuality .	officer
female	16	first operations involved surveying the waters of Mobile Bay in 1848 , and her first commanding officer , Carlile P. Patterson , reported that year on her performance and capabilities compared with those of sailing ships .	officer
female	25	"In "" Parole Violations "" , his sister Bella 's ( Marin Ireland ) fiancé Tommy ( Michael Chernus ) reports that his female parole officer raped him at gunpoint in her office ."	officer
female	7	"The newspaper also reported that a police officer jabbed a gun into her stomach and told her : "" You 're coming with us ."	officer
female	2	The first officer did not properly line up the plane before touchdown , nor did she slow the plane adequately before touchdown , so that the plane landed excessively hard .	officer
female	33	Her parents , both Southern University alumni , are of African American origin , having migrated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana to Tacoma , Washington , after her father , a former military officer was transferred to Fort Lewis .	officer
female	23	Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , she married a North Korean army officer with whom she had a child .	officer
female	7	Then two weeks later , another police officer poured acid on her car .	officer
female	1	That officer informs Connie that she is under arrest .	officer
female	44	She drives to the ( fictional ) small town of Fairvale , California , where Sam lives , and pays California Charlie ( John Anderson ) , a used car salesman , to trade her car for a new one after a highway patrol officer ( Mort Mills ) checks her license plate .	officer
female	39	Smoak stated that a precedent for Buckley 's case was already made in Lee v. Feraro 2002 , where the plaintiff was pulled from her vehicle for a minor traffic violation , handcuffed , and injured when the arresting officer slammed her head onto the trunk of her car .	officer
female	4	Unfortunately , a drunken officer ( William Elmer ) tries to force himself on Martinovich , but she refuses .	officer
female	11	On one occasion she sang before Hitler just after a British officer had hidden secret documents in her dress ; Hitler subsequently sent her red roses wrapped in a Swastika flag .	officer
female	32	The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France , while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker ( Vicki Michelle ) in the back until the customs ' officer catches her topless .	officer
female	1	One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung , but she knocks him out and flees .	officer
male	0	Officer training went through a major improvement due to his actions .	officer
male	1	"Prison officer Mr Mackay talks to his colleagues about three new arrivals to Slade Prison - the young and naive Lennie Godber , serving his first prison sentence ; Cyril Heslop , a rather dim - witted prisoner serving his latest prison sentence ; and Norman Stanley Fletcher , a "" habitual "" criminal who has served time in many prisons ."	officer
male	16	However , Mr. Russell was subsequently shifted from his post and in his place a Marathi officer was posted .	officer
male	1	"The officer then takes a beer himself and states that he "" came to hang out / at the bonfire , out in the sticks [ … ] "" ."	officer
male	2	The former officer had been senior to Percival prior to his appointment as GOC ( Malaya ) .	officer
male	10	He was born in Marlborough , Wiltshire to an army officer and his wife .	officer
male	5	Lu Wenzhao is his superior officer who endears himself to the higher - ups by using any possible way .	officer
male	10	With the bridge personnel no longer responding , the executive officer CDR Hans Oels took command of the ship from his station at the Damage Control Central .	officer
male	8	As a Commodore , Decker is a flag officer and the Constellation is his flagship .	officer
male	10	The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform , carrying a cane and a bible , with his head resting on his raised right hand , and his left foot resting on a broken cannon .	officer
male	17	Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 – May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service during the Seminole Wars and the Mexican – American War and as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .	officer
male	27	Four days later , while still in the field , the data were processed and rapidly analyzed by portable microcomputers for presentation to the local township medical officer and his staff .	officer
male	5	Karnataka 's Indian Police Service officer , Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place .	officer
male	2	His commanding officer , Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson , wanted to promote him to a commissioned rank but was prevented by his superiors because of Rivers ' race .	officer
male	2	A police officer said that he had seen a man carrying a black bag walk toward a bus and then detonate the explosives .	officer
male	6	Despite his efforts , the police officer died from his gunshot wounds in the back of the remote unit truck while Ojeda was broadcasting his and his driver 's frantic rush to the nearest emergency room live .	officer
male	11	He could not take part in 2013 general elections because returning officer rejected his nomination papers based on a letter sent by HEC about his fake degrees .	officer
male	1	The officer admitted that he was not present and that the email was false .	officer
male	15	(; ; ; 20 September 1746 – 24 May 1786 ) was a renowned military officer , adventurer and writer from the Kingdom of Hungary , who described himself as a Hungarian and a Pole .	officer
male	13	This was down to the fact that before his interrogation , a medical officer examined Hardman and declared him unfit to be questioned , but they service police still questioned him anyway .	officer
male	2	The German officer responsible for the machine gun position had emptied his pistol while firing at York but failed to hit him .	officer
male	6	For example , a law enforcement officer may wrap his arm around a suspect 's neck while simultaneously digging the end of the Kubotan into the small of his back .	officer
male	12	"The seizure of "" Pueblo "" followed soon after US Navy warrant officer John Anthony Walker introduced himself to Soviet authorities , setting up the Walker spy ring ."	officer
male	3	"A career Army officer , Disque had resigned his commission in 1916 to become a prison warden in the state of Michigan before rejoining the Army during the war to work as a "" trouble shooter "" on military procurement problems ."	officer
male	9	When Doggett finds he has no papers , the officer asks him his name .	officer
male	5	Major General Ivor Philipps , officer commanding the Welsh Division , was relieved of his command .	officer
male	17	One of the officers , Aigars Kurpnieks , was shot in the stomach , making his fellow officer Eriks Zanders and security guard Sandris Jacino come to his aid .	officer
male	5	The CFO and chief administrative officer of Rainbarrel Products , a diversified consumer-durables manufacturer , Phillips felt he 'd single-handedly turned the company 's performance around .	officer
male	11	The whole operation is a matter of timing , because the officer guarding the railway office at night leaves his post only once , for seventy - five seconds ( to go to the toilet ) .	officer
male	14	Most documents relay the story of an unknown , lone alarm rider rousing the officer and his family in the dead of night .	officer
male	11	"He was organizing against police brutality in Chicano communities when an officer came to his house on July 18 , 1996 , to arrest him on a spurious robbery charge "" ."	officer
male	10	Major William Cage ( Cruise ) , a public relations officer with no combat experience , is forced by his superiors to join a landing operation against the aliens .	officer
male	2	The police officer confirmed with Sinclair that he had the right not to speak .	officer
male	14	Normally , a surrender will involve the handing over of weapons ; the commanding officer of a surrendering force symbolically offers his sword to the victorious commander .	officer
male	14	During his travels through Qing China 's Xinjiang Province from 1889–90 , British military officer Hamilton Bower attempted without success to pursue Dalgleish 's killer .	officer
male	31	Carey Schofield , a British journalist with close links to the Soviet Armed Forces , wrote in 1990–91 , ' it is still generally accepted that the best way for an officer to start his career is to attend one of the very smart Suvorov or Nakhimov schools , the military boarding schools . '	officer
male	14	Mûsa rushed towards Hassan and killed him , but was himself wounded by an officer who had accompanied Hassan .	officer
male	6	McCann was approached by the RUC officer who informed him that he was under arrest .	officer
male	8	In December 2009 the university 's chief financial officer , Murray Westerlund , left his position .	officer
male	5	The group question the wounded officer , who reveals that he does not represent the CDC but rather the Department of Homeland Security ' s anti-biological terrorism division called Chemical Biological Domestic Terrorism -LRB- C .	officer
male	7	"In March , 2012 , the investigating officer privately provided his "" findings "" to the Center Director who had commissioned him : "" ”"	officer
male	19	Evans reportedly engaged in a physical struggle with the officers when they tried to handcuff him , with one officer being bitten on his left wrist .	officer
male	23	We were then lined up against a wall of the house by the R.I.C. who prepared to shoot us , when a military officer interposed himself between us and the firing party .	officer
male	1	This officer is distinguished for his bravery and dash in action , never hesitating to attack , regardless of the enemy 's numerical superiority .	officer
male	3	The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac , Captain Lemuel B. Norton , had field telegraph trains at his disposal , but did not deploy them .	officer
male	3	was a distinguished officer noted for his defense of the Fort at Number 4 during a siege in April 1747 , when a combined force of French and Indian soldiers failed to capture the fort and the 32 British soldiers defending it .	officer
male	11	Andrews ' service records , however , show that his commanding officer in the Second Cavalry vetoed his application for temporary aeronautical duty with the Army Signal Corps in February 1914 , a decision that held firm despite a plea from the Chief Signal Officer 's for reconsideration by higher - ups .	officer
male	1	An officer in the Roman navy , Isidore confessed himself as a Christian to the commander of the fleet while they were on the Aegean island of Chios .	officer
male	8	Lewis Merrill ( 1834–1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .	officer
male	29	Promoted to Lieutenant on 26 May 1895 , during the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 , Kontoulis distinguished himself at the Battle of Velestino , where his commanding officer , Colonel Konstantinos Smolenskis , requested his promotion and the award of the Order of the Redeemer for exceptional bravery .	officer
male	4	After this , the officer moved himself directly a writ petition before Supreme Court for CBI investigation which issued notices to Central Government , CBI and Haryana Government in November 2012 .	officer
male	1	An officer of the South Alberta demanded that he wanted his Crusader AA tanks to shoot at the Spitfires attacking his Headquarters .	officer
male	1	The officer used his service revolver , uniform , and the police van for the attacks .	officer
male	1	"This officer has conducted himself with the greatest circumspection , and has made every favorable impression on the minds of our citizens with respect to his character and talents . """	officer
male	10	"It was deemed significant as the residence of the commanding officer and his family , and as a "" center of formal functions of celebration ,   greeting and lodging for significant visiting dignitaries ."	officer
male	7	However , a medically qualified chief dental officer here recounts his experience of Saturdays spent as a medical officer to his local rugby club for over 40 years , and after retirement , as a racecourse doctor .	officer
male	18	Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim , the son of a Bavarian officer and his wife .	officer
male	1	The officer in charge emptied his revolver into Degueldre and had to get a second weapon to finish the execution .	officer
male	14	""" Portland""-class cruisers were outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff ."	officer
male	10	The first verse finds him pulled over by a police officer , who says that he `` do not know about that accent '' .	officer
male	2	"The heroic officer in the film , Lieutenant János Bornemissza , is driven by his "" patriotism to Hungary and love for the beautiful Anna Bíró from Reca "" ."	officer
male	2	The married officer resigned his position before disciplinary action could be taken .	officer
male	22	As the plot unfolded , Sunal ’s character fell into despair , trying to survive the dilemma between his duties as an officer of the law and his duties as a friend .	officer
male	16	The ring was identified as McIntosh 's wedding band by the inscribed initials of the slain officer and his wife , and the date of their wedding .	officer
male	1	One officer grabbed his rucksack , but Ichihashi continued to flee .	officer
male	7	His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon and his mother an elementary school teacher .	officer
male	10	"In January 2011 , the government 's IT chief information officer Jeremy Godfrey stepped down from his job for "" personal reasons "" ."	officer
male	26	Shortly thereafter , Millhone runs into a former boyfriend in the police department , Cheney Phillips , who is out for the evening with a vice officer , Len Priddy , and his much - younger girlfriend , Abbey .	officer
male	6	"About 10:00 , Kamimura 's gunnery officer erroneously informed him that "" Izumo "" had expended three - quarters of her ammunition and he turned back after a five - minute rapid - fire barrage ."	officer
male	8	1781–19 March 1814 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , distinguishing himself in the Peninsular War .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer tried to radio the other TBFs to warn them to turn back but he could n't make radio contact .	officer
male	11	If you find it less than revolting , then imagine an officer cramming his knee into the neck of a dying loved one as she begs for her life .	officer
male	7	On 10 January 2002 , an MI6 officer conducted his first interview of a detainee held by the Americans .	officer
male	6	"When arriving in Israel an immigration officer officially Hebraicized his name to "" Ephraim Kishon "" ."	officer
male	24	Thomas Macdonough , Jr. ( December 31 , 1783 – November 10 , 1825 ) was an early-19th - century Irish - American naval officer noted for his roles in the first Barbary War and the War of 1812 .	officer
male	8	Sam explains what happened , but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there several months ago .	officer
male	16	William Murray Black ( December 8 , 1855 – September 24 , 1933 ) was career officer in the United States Army , noted for his ability to organize and train young engineers .	officer
male	47	On the road , they encounter many different people : a traveling singer with her child , a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution , a pilgrim , a policeman searching for a notorious thief , and Tōzaburō , the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on .	officer
male	4	Hamilton was an efficient officer and with his division , attached himself to Sir Arthur Wellesley 's British army on campaign in 1810 .	officer
male	6	He advised Fletcher , that an officer appointed to take charge of the training and his staff would arrive at Cold Bay , by 24 March 1945 , and that the first 2,500 Soviet trainees would arrive by 1 April 1945 , with 550 more to follow by 1 May , and another 2,000 by 1 June .	officer
male	1	The officer and his men occupied the family home and made off with most of the family 's belongings while John Vaughan hid out and made plans for his family to escape with him to southern Illinois , where they stayed from February to October 1865 before returning home .	officer
male	2	The police officer reportedly later died at hospital due to the injuries that he had sustained in this militant attack .	officer
male	3	When a parole officer suddenly appears at his home and discovers the televisions , Feech was arrested , and sent back to prison .	officer
male	8	She then bumps into the ship 's first officer , who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist .	officer
male	10	The disrating of Midshipman David Casey , an experienced junior officer who had distinguished himself to Captain Pigot during the previous months , was one of the primary triggers to the mutiny .	officer
male	13	One day , while walking his son back from school , a police officer almost runs over Tarsem 's son on his scooter .	officer
male	9	Redman 's sister is a United States Air Force officer and his brother is a Marine .	officer
male	7	On 4 September , a captured PAVN officer described his 400-man unit and six tanks as being trapped when they attempted withdrawal back along Route 7 to North Vietnam .	officer
male	7	When Hay was eventually searched , an officer twisted his thin frail arm for so long and with such force that he eventually broke it .	officer
male	15	"Durandal , not wanting to "" end up like Leela , "" has the security officer destroy his core logic centers to avoid capture by the Pfhor ."	officer
male	2	A police officer suffered a minor cut to his leg while clearing debris ; however , it subsequently became infected and the leg required amputation several weeks after the storm .	officer
male	2	The Mongol officer asks Evpaty on his demands .	officer
male	6	I also pointed out that the officer would have removed his signs of rank and worn a hat , the same as the other men , to disguise which one was in command , but George [ Baker ] was allowed to go into battle with all badges and hat gleaming , every inch an officer .	officer
male	11	Back at Barker ' s base , Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he can predict which one of Barker ' s outposts the VC will attack next .	officer
male	2	The other officer then shot him in the abdomen and he shot him in the head .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer replied , "" He 's a wild boy , but if the fatherland is ever in the war , he 'll be of great value . """	officer
male	9	In mid-1981 he was approached by a retired army officer and his colleague and they formed a new company , Alflex , whose first operation was participation in the record breaking expedition to the Barents Sea which recovered 93 per cent of the approximately five tonnes of gold ingots from the wreck of HMS Edinburgh .	officer
male	8	As a matter of interest , a PWOR officer by the name of Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers , made his own way to South Africa , after being turned down for South Africa service , in Canada .	officer
male	20	While the majority of the ships assigned were supplied by the United States Navy , Crutchley was a Royal Navy officer and his force included four Royal Australian Navy vessels .	officer
male	3	""" The above officer led his platoon with great gallantry throughout the action ."	officer
male	2	"The first officer of "" Wilk "" reported in his memoiries ramming a surfaced U - boat while it was attempting to dive ."	officer
male	2	"The police officer entered his property at around 8:30   p.m. and Abballa immediately attacked him , stabbing him twice , while shouting "" Allahu akbar ."	officer
male	33	"Then , in a loud voice , he declared that , long before the arrival of the bordereau , an honourable person ( meaning Valcarlos ) had warned the Intelligence Department that an officer of the ministry , an officer of the second bureau , was betraying his country . """	officer
male	29	The novel 's final chapter , spanning the years 1900 to 2000 , is a departure from Pronek 's adventures and recounts the story of a Russian White Army officer and his adventures in Harbin and Shanghai .	officer
male	19	One Slovak artillery officer detraining from Moravia was dismayed to be roundly abused at the station by a Slovak officer , who assumed from his rank that he must be a Czech .	officer
male	16	Wawro was the son of Tadeusz and Olive Wawro ; his father was a Polish military officer and civil engineer who had settled as a librarian in Fife , and his mother a Scottish schoolteacher .	officer
male	3	Soon , one officer on Broadway was struck on his face shield by a bottle , disorienting him .	officer
male	15	The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood , and one officer draws his weapon on him , ordering him to stay still .	officer
male	17	Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 – 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .	officer
male	3	"No other contemporary officer approached his accumulated experience . """	officer
male	29	"The angry lady tells a policeman ( Sam Lufkin ) on the corner , who kicks Ollie twice and hits Stan with his truncheon after the latter suggests the officer is "" bounding over his steps "" ( i.e. "" overstepping his bounds "" ) ."	officer
male	9	"During the siege of Iwaya Castle , a commanding officer of the Shimazu stopped his attack and said , "" Why do you serve the unjust Ōtomo clan that makes light of Buddhism and has faith in Christianity ?"	officer
male	3	The then commanding officer of the division , Major General O.P. Smith , did not agree with his superiors and had become convinced that they were stretched thin and that the Chinese Forces had entered the war .	officer
male	5	One day a former army officer arrives on his way to Italy .	officer
male	15	"In the pilot episode of the 2008 CBS series "" Flashpoint "" , a police officer and his partner sing the policeman 's song ."	officer
male	10	Grand Master Narikawa immobilizeded the arsonist while the injured police officer regained his footing to make the arrest .	officer
male	1	The officer would have been once part of the regiment , and in this role he represents the regiment and its men at the higher level of military hierarchy .	officer
male	4	Bangura arrested every high-ranking officer in the army and police , so that he could restore the constitution and democracy to Sierra Leone .	officer
male	20	"Attempting to place his ship in the column between "" Magenta "" and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" , the commanding officer of "" Forfait "" misjudged his turn , and "" Jeanne d′Arc "" collided with "" Forfait "" , her ram bow tearing into "" Forfait""′s side . """	officer
male	3	The first commanding officer , Major James Ellison , was supportive of his MPs ; however , he was soon relieved of his command .	officer
male	8	The final report further noted that `` first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer was criticised for his treatment of the ship 's company considering the conditions they were operating in , and the British Admiralty organised the assignment of ten recruits to the ship to assist the engine room personnel .	officer
male	12	In 1904 during the Russo - Japanese War , a Japanese naval officer gets his wife , played by Merle Oberon , to seduce a British attaché in order to gain secrets from him .	officer
male	1	"The officer led his men straight in at the gallop , and one man only returned , who was wounded in the charge , and wheeled off back to his own lines . """	officer
male	11	During his reign , at the time of appointment , every officer was required to swear an oath :	officer
male	13	Subsequently , he began a career in dermatology , first as a house officer to the dermatology department and then with his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps , becoming officer - in - charge of the dermatology department at the Cambridge Military Hospital , Aldershot and later in a post of Acting Adviser in dermatology to the War Office .	officer
male	12	She was married to Antonio David Flores , a former Guardia Civil officer who is better known for his highly publicized relationship with Nuria Bermúdez .	officer
male	1	One officer resigned his commission , four enlisted men were discharged for disability , and two deserted .	officer
male	11	On May 25 , the shocking images of a Minneapolis police officer holding his knee on the neck of George Floyd for almost 9 min , and killing him on sight , shocked the world .	officer
male	4	Each individual , each officer and each enlisted man , must therefore regard himself as a necessary part of a complex and powerful instrument for the overcoming of the enemies of the nation .	officer
male	17	It ' s the easiest exam available , but if he passes Lister will be made an officer and outrank Rimmer .	officer
male	4	The career military medical officer Dr. John Hall made up his mind that they would n't be of any help .	officer
male	14	When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo ’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall off her head .	officer
male	2	A police officer , Rahim has played for Penang FA , Perak FA and Selangor FA during his football career .	officer
male	1	The officer , PC Henry Stevens was also able to identify Easterbrook from photographs shown to him whilst he was in hospital .	officer
male	12	In 1945 , after the war had ended , an American intelligence officer called Dumon to his office to look at several photographs of a man .	officer
male	13	The film begins with Mahendru ( Balraj Sahni ) , a widowed police officer and his young daughter , Chanda .	officer
male	19	The unconscious husband was placed in the guardhouse , and the woman given shelter off the base ; the officer she had slept with promptly resigned his commission .	officer
male	11	A member of the upper class that Clive despises , the officer grants his request , accepting full responsibility for this unusual action .	officer
male	16	"Terrence Collinson Graves ( 6 July 1945–16 February 1968 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his "" outstanding courage , superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit "" on 16 February 1968 , during the Vietnam War ."	officer
male	5	Delaporte , a young naval officer , was chosen because of his talent in drawing to accompany them through what was then French Indochina .	officer
male	16	Francis Clay Mosby ( Eric McCormack ) , who is revealed to be a former Confederate officer who 's taken up a life of crime as his revenge against the Union .	officer
male	8	It was his unwavering belief that no police officer could be good at his job without first being a good sportsman .	officer
male	3	An American consular officer visited Bearak at the central police station in Harare , and reported that he is in fair condition .	officer
male	21	Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer , Lieutenant Sweeney , telling them that he is `` top of the food chain '' in the prison .	officer
male	12	George Brenton Laurie ( 1867 1915 ) was a Nova Scotian army officer and author who distinguished himself in both the Boer War and the First World War .	officer
male	2	"Diana""′s commanding officer believed that such a voyage would result in capture by Japanese forces , and he remained intent on steaming to Saigon ."	officer
male	28	"Describing the arrival of Tilghman 's body in Vicksburg , transported in a wagon and accompanied by his teenage son : "" Stark and stiff lay the brave officer , his clothing and gloves covered with blood ."	officer
male	2	A British officer who observed one of these fortifications around the time of the 1898 Hut Tax war ended his description of it thus :	officer
male	1	Commanding officer involved in the coup Ricardo Pardo Zancada recognized in his book that Armada contemplated Múgica as Minister of Health in the hypothetical government that emerged from the coup .	officer
male	33	The 1935 Dalby station was smaller than some of the Brisbane stations , with space for two fire appliances and a recreation room on the ground floor and living quarters for the chief officer and his family on the upper floor .	officer
male	2	The police officer later testified that he said they could not return to the Bakers ' house that day but the Hes believed they were being told that they could not return to the Bakers ' home at all .	officer
male	9	At the end of the mission , the weather officer submitted his log to the 8th Weather Squadron forecasters for analysis .	officer
male	9	Chakravarthy ( Jaggaiah ) , who is a CBI officer , who is nominated to the Interpol and his son Charan ( Chiranjeevi ) is a reputed sportsman , but there is no love between them .	officer
male	10	In his own account of the action , the commanding officer , Lt Col Villiers - Stuart , gave the number of casualties as 1,116 of all ranks - a casualty rate of in excess of 85 % .	officer
male	13	He takes the telephone and rings up the police station directing that an officer be sent to his house address .	officer
male	6	Despite this direct link , the officer banned the hunt from his land for hunting .	officer
male	1	The officer was treated at a to local hospital and treated for his injuries .	officer
male	11	In 1815 , thanks to his credentials as a gifted military officer loyal to the Habsburgs as well as his vast culture and wit , Ficquelmont was approached for representing Austria as a diplomat .	officer
male	3	Unexpectedly , an officer in the King ' s Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who , in self-defense , stabbed and killed Cardillac .	officer
male	1	The officer got out of the car to investigate , but he found no other car , no damage , and no broken glass .	officer
male	47	Other important characters were Police Chief Bill Marceau ( Mandel Kramer ) , who was one of Karr 's best friends and shared a tremendous mutual respect , rare between a defense attorney and a chief of police ( perhaps because Mike had once been a police officer himself ) , Marceau 's secretary ( and later wife ) Martha ( Teri Keane ) , fellow attorney Adam Drake ( Donald May ) , his client , then secretary ( and later on , his wife )	officer
male	22	Born in New York City as the youngest of 13 children in an Irish - American family , to New York police officer , Robert McGuire and his wife , the former Anne Lynch ( his father died when Frank was only two years old ) .	officer
male	2	Its founding officer Ilisoni Ligairi had also gained notoriety alongside his unit for participating in the mutinies .	officer
male	23	""" Frontier "" was established by Sonny Swe , a cofounder of The Myanmar Times and the son of a former Military Intelligence officer , who was jailed for his work at the newspaper from 2004 to 2013 after the purge of junta - era Prime Minister Khin Nyunt ."	officer
male	3	Freeman 's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang , but not in time to meet a two - year deadline then in place .	officer
male	4	One night , the officer dreamt that he met a girl who was to become his daughter .	officer
male	4	His skill as an officer and his kindness with Irma 's family however cause them to quickly become close friends .	officer
male	13	Lawrence gave a videotaped statement at the Waterloo police station after plain-clothes police officer went to the home he shared with Hostetler and asked him to come in for questioning .	officer
male	25	In general , Yan 's military record is not considered positive — he had more defeats than victories — and it is unclear whether his officer corps either understood or sympathized with his objectives , instead entering his service solely in the interests of achieving prestige and a higher standard of living .	officer
male	10	"During this deployment , Captain David Schnell , the commanding officer of "" Peleliu "" , was relieved of his command and reassigned for being "" unduly familiar "" with several crewmembers ."	officer
male	24	In fact , the FBI had evidence that Atta was in Florida at the time , taking aircraft flight training ; and the Iraqi officer in question , Ahmed Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , has been captured and maintains he has never met Atta .	officer
male	2	The executive officer during this time , Roger Hollis , said that he felt Wilson ' s government would use this information against MI5 if the incoming government found out .	officer
male	2	The same officer then said to me that if I persisted in my attitude he would turn me out to the men in the barrack square , and he supposed I knew what that meant with the men in their present temper .	officer
male	4	If a law enforcement officer testifies under oath during voir dire that he can be a fair and impartial juror , the trial judge has the discretion to determine whether that officer is speaking the truth .	officer
male	3	Officially , an officer would revert to his permanent rank after the squadron command assignment had ended , although in practice officers who received the title of commodore retained the title for life , as did Perry .	officer
male	16	Although he resigned this appointment after a ship escaped , Stewart was a highly regarded Naval officer and his career continued .	officer
male	4	Schmidt kept the unconscious officer afloat for an hour before he died , and Schmidt swam and stayed afloat without a life jacket for 28 hours until he was rescued by HMIS Hiravati near Khor Fakkan .	officer
male	0	officer and his mother Jahanara Begum a housewife .	officer
male	12	In late 1994 , Disbrow hired a part - time chief financial officer , Sally Smith , who was employed at his new father - in - law 's business .	officer
male	4	Seeing this , the officer turns and leaves again , and he drops her on the floor .	officer
male	9	"In 1967 he appeared as a Royal Air Force officer and his German double on an episode of "" Hogan 's Heroes "" in the episode"	officer
male	10	During the capture of Gibraltar in 1704 , an artillery officer by the name of Willis was outstanding in his manning of the guns .	officer
male	13	– 6 August 1934 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a British Army officer of Irish descent , awarded many military honours for his combat service in Burma , the Union of South Africa , and German East Africa in the First World War .	officer
male	1	Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other .	officer
male	6	Investigators later located a Dayton police officer , Detective Lamar Walker , and his wife who claimed to have seen 12 Chinook - type helicopters near the same area in which the Cash – Landrum event allegedly occurred and at roughly the same time .	officer
male	9	Four weeks after the riot , a U.S. naval officer from Baltimore confronted Sewall in his office .	officer
male	7	At about 10:45 PM , a uniformed officer got out of his police car and placed a package near A. D. King 's front porch .	officer
male	24	The very beginning of the book starts with Harry being told by a friend that his mentor Hugh Montague ( a top level CIA officer ) has either been assassinated or committed suicide on his boat .	officer
male	7	At Jackie 's flat , a police officer also unzips his human suit and attacks Jackie for being associated with the Doctor .	officer
male	22	"Additionally , the "" Portland""-class cruisers were designed with space to be outfitted as fleet flagships , with space for a flag officer and his staff to operate ."	officer
male	8	The untiring energy and enthusiasm of this commanding officer , his solid leadership and total disregard of personal danger has been the main factor to the successes which have attended the activities of 2/23 Aust .	officer
male	8	In the decade that followed , a Maroon officer named Clash attempted to challenge the authority of the superintendent , but he was unsuccessful because he did not have the support of his fellow Maroons .	officer
male	2	The CIA officer who spoke with Berg when he returned from Europe said that he was `` flaky '' .	officer
male	2	A former officer in the Soviet Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , he is known for his two books based upon KGB archival documents :	officer
male	10	In the past , Glen calls Jennifer and a police officer has her put him on speaker phone , stating it is now 3:30am , and he lost her around 7 pm .	officer
male	1	"The officer drew his gun after Bauer got out of the car and began heading toward the officer 's car in an "" aggressive manner ."	officer
male	4	was a British Army officer who was decorated for his service during the Second World War .	officer
male	7	As the preacher stood his ground the officer told his men to fire .	officer
male	9	"On 6 July 2009 BT 's former chief press officer , Adam Liversage , described his thoughts using Twitter : """	officer
male	6	He was a distinguished military intelligence officer , a decorated Vietnam veteran , and on his first assignment as a military attaché .	officer
male	2	LAPD motorcycle officer Clarence Wayne Dean fell 40 feet from the damaged connector from southbound 14 to southbound I-5 along with his motorcycle .	officer
male	10	According to Section 56 of Disaster Management Act , any officer on whom any duty has been imposed under this Act and who ceases or refuses to perform or withdraws himself from the duty without express written permission of his superior , an imprisonment up to 1 year can be applied .	officer
male	1	This officer would have his rank modernized as Major General on 9 November and would remain in command until 20 January 1942 .	officer
male	18	He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer , Major Donegan , to `` tell everyone I died facing the enemy , tell everyone I died facing the enemy '' .	officer
male	10	Throughout the reconnaissance stage and during the attack , this officer personally led his men .	officer
male	16	Kenneth Hart Muir ( July 25 , 1916 – November 7 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the sinking of in World War II . was named in his honor .	officer
male	1	The officer said that he believed Bradshaw was driving the truck in which Reynolds was killed .	officer
male	19	Holloway was widely admired within the Navy , although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958 , other officers joked , `` Oh , he ' s finally gone to sea .	officer
male	16	Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm , after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised , only back - pedals slowly away .	officer
male	7	In the Victorian era , a British officer is falsely accused of treason and drummed out of his regiment .	officer
male	19	Jean François Sylvestre Denis de Trobriand ( 7 June 1765 – 16 March 1799 ) was a French naval officer and navigator who particularly distinguished himself during the expedition of d'Entrecasteaux to Australasia ( 1791–94 ) .	officer
male	9	In October , 2018 , a Christian personal security officer of an additional sessions judge assassinated his 38-year - old wife and his 18-year - old son for not converting to Christianity .	officer
male	10	His last name , Cook , is revealed as the officer announces his release .	officer
male	20	Besides Sánchez , five other people were killed by the tribesmen , both staff and patients , including a British officer and his wife , who was in labor at the time .	officer
male	7	The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge ( Adil Hussain ) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women , reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily .	officer
male	17	OSP officers and FBI agents armed with rifles positioned themselves along the road , while an OSP officer , who had holstered his firearm and equipped himself with a nonlethal Taser X2 , walked toward him from the treeline with the intention of subduing him .	officer
male	9	In December 2008 , Wilson was named chief revenue officer of Tribune Company expanding his role beyond that of Tribune Broadcasting .	officer
male	18	The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification ; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received , the officer did not say simply “ Dreux ” but would say “ slight indications Dreux ” or   “ fair indications Dreux ” or “ strong indications Dreux ” .	officer
male	9	For his service in this operation , her commanding officer Chief Boatswain George Cregan , a Medal of Honor recipient , received the Navy Cross .	officer
male	34	Returned to prison , we see Kogler disrobe and endure the ritualized strip search , which is apparently required at each re - entrance , administered with curt , routine efficiency by a uniformed officer and his assistant .	officer
male	12	Myles C. Fox ( 1918–1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Tulagi .	officer
male	2	"The commanding officer of "" Point Arden ' , Lieutenant Junior Grade William C. Carr , ' directed his crew to offload firefighting gear to the shore to assist in the containment of the fire and he then went to the other side of the ramp with the cutter and the crew used fire hoses to help suppress the fire ."	officer
male	7	Wyche received his commission as a Quartermaster officer and his Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) from Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi in May 1982 .	officer
male	2	A traffic officer and several pedestrians ran after Cafferty 's car , but he ran at least two red lights without stopping , according to a police complaint .	officer
male	13	"Ray MacElwaine ( John Finn ) was a 50-year - old veteran police officer who transferred to the 74th Precinct late in the series and soon proved himself to everyone that despite his age , he could still "" walk the beat "" and take down criminals ."	officer
male	1	The officer drew his six shooter and started firing at Ponce at this time Morse discharged a load of buckshot striking the murderer in the back .	officer
male	16	He was the youngest battalion commander in Finnish forces , and quickly became known as daredevil officer who was never afraid to expose himself to enemy fire .	officer
male	9	One story says it was an unnamed German naval officer who wanted to know the time when he was using both his hands , another story is that it was Wilhelm I who placed an order at a Berlin trade show , these new wristwatches saw their first action in the Boer war .	officer
male	20	On June 12 , 1966 , Aracelis Cruz was shot on the corner of Damen Avenue and Division Street after officer said he was carrying a gun .	officer
male	30	"The public prosecutor 's office viewed the film and questioned witnesses , and concluded that Covance "" had not rendered themselves liable to prosecution "" and that the state veterinary officer "" had not failed in his supervisory duties . """	officer
male	1	One officer testified that when he was a patrol officer in the 41st Precinct , he witnessed his fellow officers illegally stop , search , handcuff , and charge minority residents with crimes .	officer
male	27	"Firing at enemy aircraft continued at intervals throughout the balance of 18–19 March , with "" Vincennes "" contributing an outstanding performance ; her antiaircraft fire control officer , 1st Lieutenant Henry M. Lamberton , USMCR , received a Bronze Star for his direction of that battery ."	officer
male	9	"As the convoy became visible , "" Tunny""s commanding officer , Commander James A. Scott , could hardly believe his luck ."	officer
male	2	An agricultural officer by profession , Tuvuki served all over Fiji before returning to serve in Nabouwalu , Bua just before his retirement .	officer
male	7	On 13 June 2016 , a police officer and his partner , a police secretary , were stabbed to death in their home in Magnanville , France , located about west of Paris , by a man convicted in 2013 of associating with a group planning terrorist acts .	officer
male	17	For his actions during the battle , Major Mark E. Mitchell , a U.S. Army Special Forces officer , was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , the first such decoration to be awarded since the Vietnam War .	officer
male	7	He returned to political favor when the officer that relieved him , General Nguyen Chanh Thi , was exiled for his unpopular political views .	officer
male	36	The son of the artillery officer François du Teil ( 1704–1758 ) , knight of the order of Saint - Louis , and of Marguerite de Chambaran ( died 1758 ) , he became an artillery officer himself at a very young age .	officer
male	2	An unidentified officer arrived at 11:15   p.m. in his police cruiser and saw two men just outside the store who matched the description of the suspects .	officer
male	20	"During this metamorphosis , "" Taney "" — classified as WAGC-37 — was fitted with accommodations for an embarked flag officer and his staff , as well as with increased communications and radar facilities ."	officer
male	7	"His father , though , a police officer , was not too keen on his son receiving English education and Majrooh was therefore sent for traditional ' Madrasa education ' which led to his obtaining the qualification first of Dars - e - Nizami – a seven - year course which concentrated on religious affairs along with proficiency in Arabic and Persian- and then the certificate of "" Alim "" ."	officer
male	33	5 p.m. , Boncza - Uzdowski appointed his deputy , Colonel Stefan Broniowski , new commander of the two divisions , and together with his chief of staff Albin Habina , and operational officer Jan Rzezniowiecki , left his headquarters , allegedly in search of General Juliusz Rómmel .	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer modified his vessel 's armament to his liking while taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel aboard , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	13	A month after the start of the operation , a one senior IDF officer in the territories said he felt that for the time being , it was `` delivering the goods '' .	officer
male	2	An IDF officer asked to be excused from participating in the blockade and was advised by his commanding officer that he could participate indirectly by briefing other soldiers involved in the operation .	officer
male	1	"British officer and poet Robert Graves recalled in his autobiography """	officer
male	19	When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex - military officer , offered his services to the Government .	officer
male	10	"This "" suggests that at least one politically connected senior officer is willing to associate himself with the author ’s views , "" and the book 's advertising in China heavily played up this official imprimatur ."	officer
male	2	Each commanding officer generally outfitted armaments to his liking , taking into consideration factors such as the overall tonnage of cargo , complement of personnel on board , and planned routes to be sailed .	officer
male	12	"Due to his failure to save the President , Shep 's superior officer ( Roy Dotrice ) suggests that he is "" stressed out "" and should take a vacation ."	officer
male	2	"Former MI5 officer Peter Wright claimed in his memoirs , "" Spycatcher "" , that 30 MI5 agents then collaborated in an attempt to undermine Wilson ."	officer
male	31	Two days later on February 15 , three Patriot Front members were arrested for putting up the flyers and one of the men slapped a police officer 's hand when the officer was reaching for his identification via wallet .	officer
male	34	Logan was released on bail and , in August of that year , all charges against him were dropped after a judge ruled all evidence against him inadmissible on the grounds that the arresting officer had violated his right to privacy by spying on him through a peephole in the bathroom stall .	officer
male	1	The officer heading the search was Lieutenant Stan Chapman of the NAOU and he made his headquarters at Burketown .	officer
male	11	The same shall be deducted from the salary of the designated officer or his subordinate responsible for delay or default , written 30 days .	officer
male	21	Carl Schurz , who was later U.S. general , secretary of the Interior and U.S. senator , had been his adjunct officer during that campaign , and his wife	officer
male	16	Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is faced with a conflict between his duty as a Starfleet officer and his Klingon prejudice against Romulans , and Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) must contend with a Romulan warbird intent on recovering their own personnel .	officer
male	15	It said that around six cylinders were bought from other hospitals and the then nodal officer Khan had arranged four oxygen cylinders on his own .	officer
male	33	"We 've been giving sedatives to relatives since this began , and it is not such a big deal as you make it out to be in the West , "" said an officer who would not identify himself ."	officer
male	2	His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas , but he takes the hint .	officer
male	5	Shortly after , a police officer catches Kay with the mask and assumes that he was the one wearing it .	officer
male	11	Later , when he was serving in France , a senior officer noticed his acting career and asked him to create a show for the patients .	officer
male	12	For example , the Streamlight Cuffmate has integrated LEDs so that the officer can see keyholes on his handcuffs when restraining a suspect in darkness .	officer
male	2	Public health officer D expressed his surprise about this discussion .	officer
male	2	A police officer asked a colleague to forward some useful information to the Superintendent but he was not aware of the offer at the time when he spoke with his colleague .	officer
male	7	On two different occasions in 2018 , officer Kyle Erickson , of the 120th Precinct , was caught on his own bodycam planting marijuana in cars during a traffic stop after finding nothing in a search .	officer
male	9	As an experienced shooter , Whaling was appointed Commanding officer of the Marine Corps Rifle and Pistol Team at Quantico and his team , which he also captained .	officer
male	28	The corps was accordingly consolidated into two divisions ; the 1st under General David B. Birney , and the 2nd under General Andrew A. Humphreys , an able officer who had distinguished himself as a division commander at Fredericksburg .	officer
male	28	Most of the paratroopers landed successfully , but one man was killed when his rigging line twisted around his neck mid   drop , throttling him ; one officer broke his leg on landing , and four men were wounded when a Sten gun was accidentally fired .	officer
male	11	Other times the close paraphrasing changes the meaning - The first officer stated that he did not touch the power levers .	officer
male	32	Controversially , it took roughly seven minutes for the police to respond to Aline 's desperate call about an intruder trying to kill the Prime Minister , in part because the first officer to respond had forgotten his key to the residence .	officer
male	4	"The non - commissioned officer on HMS "" Sirius "" further described in his letter of August 1790 :"	officer
male	8	She denies doing anything wrong , but the officer tells her that he is taking her away .	officer
male	2	The commanding officer of the troops , Major Brownlow Stuart , ordered his men to use bayonets to disperse the crowd .	officer
male	11	The fort was named for John Stark , a New Hampshire officer who distinguished himself at the Battle of Bennington in the American Revolution .	officer
male	7	Suk - hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae - hoon 's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime .	officer
male	3	An attractive police officer , Jessica ( Nicoletta Braschi ) goes undercover as his roommate , and is directed by the chief and the police doctor , Paride ( Michel Blanc ) , to dress provocatively in order to entrap Loris .	officer
male	27	He was questioned by the campmaster , and due to the fact that he had no alibi for that particular evening and his apparent nervousness made the officer investigate his apartment .	officer
male	3	One British Army officer was convicted by a court - martial in 1948 for his part in the affair .	officer
male	15	In this article I would like to look at the role of the district safety officer , his function , objectives and working parameters .	officer
