female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
female	3	A Columbia University professor taught her history , arithmetic , and chemistry .	professor
female	10	"In her book "" Day of Empire "" , American professor Amy Chua suggests that the Achaemenid Empire , the Tang dynasty , the Roman Empire , the Mongol Empire , the Dutch Empire , and the British Empire were successful examples of historical hegemons ; the Spanish Monarchy , Greater East Asia Co - Prosperity Sphere , and Third Reich were counters ; and she reflects on assertions that the United States is a modern hyperpower ."	professor
female	27	"The mail which was initially published by the student is claimed to be fake , or a "" mashup "" , though in earlier press reports the professor herself is reported to have confirmed that the mail is not a hoax ."	professor
female	19	In 1974 , Gilmore began teaching at the University of North Texas ( UNT ) , as an adjunct professor and her appointment included a research appointment to continue her investigations .	professor
female	1	A Professor of Portuguese Language and Culture , Maria Cavaco Silva has been dedicating her attention to education and culture issues , but also to social solidarity and cohesion .	professor
female	3	She was a professor at the École normale de musique de Paris and is ( from her relationship with pianist Alfred Cortot ) the mother of composer Jean - Michel Damase .	professor
female	6	Shortly after her release , the professor became abusive and she had to flee again .	professor
female	0	Professor of Middle East Policy Studies at City University London until her retirement in 2018 , Hollis was known for her expertise and scholarship on the relations between the European Union , the United Kingdom and the United States with the Middle East .	professor
female	3	"University of Rochester professor Sarah Higley created Reginald Barclay in her script for the "" "" third - season episode "" Hollow Pursuits "" ."	professor
female	2	While a professor at Yale , Blake expanded on her graduate research focus using isotopic evidence in ancient marine phosphates to show that there was significant biological activity in the ocean during the Archean era .	professor
female	0	Professor of Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater , teaching takes large place in her field of all activities .	professor
female	2	( This professor later bestowed the honor of Phi Beta Kappa on Dylan upon her graduation in the top percentile of her class at Tulane in 1974 . )	professor
female	25	"Ironically , it was revealed in the series ' seventh episode "" Taking a Message "" that Marisol 's true identity was that of a professor and her real last name was Suarez ."	professor
female	4	She has been a professor and her teaching experience includes tenures in National Law School of India University , SDM Law College , Manipal Institute of Communication and University College Cork , Ireland .	professor
female	1	The professor chooses between her personal belongings and Vince and decides to throw Vince off .	professor
female	23	"He also starred in comedy "" Because I Love You "" ( "" Parce Que Je T'Aime "" , 1929 ) as a professor who marries his secretary then loses her affections to his godson ."	professor
female	5	Lisa , a young physics professor , introduces herself to Ted and asks him out to dinner to learn more about his inspiring lectures .	professor
female	19	Her Bennington instructor , Tony Smith ( sculptor ) , was a close friend and her art - history professor , Eugene Goossen , a mentor and later her husband .	professor
female	20	After four years in Berkeley , the family moved to Huntsville , Alabama in 1994 where her father became a professor and her mother a nurse .	professor
female	11	In her discussion of the character 's ethnicity , television studies professor Jessica Hautsch felt that the issue portrayed Satsu with stereotypes of Asian women , specifically those of the geisha and the Dragon Lady .	professor
female	5	Hema , now a college professor , is tormented about her previous affair with a married man and plans to settle down by marrying Navin , someone she barely knows .	professor
female	9	While attending Washington College , Hamilton states her acting professor told her she had no hope of earning a living as an actress .	professor
female	5	Her father was a Spanish professor and her mother an aspiring , but unfulfilled writer and university librarian .	professor
female	22	During this period , she was divorced from her first husband in 1963 and taught at Buffalo State College as an assistant professor of art ( 1962 ) and her alma mater ( by now a SUNY university center ) as an assistant professor of sculpture ( 1966 ) .	professor
female	5	Her father is an archaeological professor and her mother is a geneticist and biologist who studies blood and body tissue from Egypt 's mummies .	professor
female	8	Her father , Benjamin , was a theology professor and her mother , Vilhelmina , was Finland 's first female graduate student .	professor
female	1	The professor recommends that she install fertile and run proj check ( ) on her assignment .	professor
female	14	Puzzled by this , Smith and another student ( Heather Royer , now a professor herself ) reexamined the birthday / deathday data and found that the author had lumped together all deaths that occurred during the birth month , not distinguishing those that occurred before the birthday from those that occurred afterward .	professor
female	15	Alex believes this is due to the fact that he has a doctor and a professor for parents , while she has to use the best she was given .	professor
female	5	He vaguely remembers that the professor adopted him but has no knowledge that his father had a daughter who died young and that she also gave birth to a girl who lives somewhere in the same city .	professor
female	16	Joan Hutchinson was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; her father was a demographer and university professor , and her mother a mathematics teacher at the Baldwin School , which Joan also attended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an anthropology professor at Barnard College , and her mother a novelist and professor of English at the City University of New York .	professor
female	13	On her side her fellow MEP Bernd Kölmel , Ulrich van Suntum , professor of economics at Münster University and chairman of the party at state level in Northrhine - Westphalia , and Christian Schäfer , chair of the ALFA caucus in the state parliament of Bremen , were elected vice chairmen .	professor
female	19	Gray rose to prominence as an administrator after she was appointed to a committee to investigate whether a sociology professor had been denied tenure because of her gender and political sympathies .	professor
female	10	However , through her exhaustive study of these documents , Professor Wendy Davies has reconstructed much of the original text and calculated probable time - frames .	professor
female	5	During an experiment , the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith 's remains leading to her possession .	professor
female	22	Waleria was educated at home by governesses , and her teachers also included the archaeologist and historian Wawrzyniec Surowiecki , and the professor of chemistry and medicine Jędrzej Śniadecki , as well as her uncle , Hieronim Stroynowski , bishop and Rector of Vilnius University .	professor
female	5	Her father was a music professor and her mother was an English teacher at the University of Nebraska at Kearney .	professor
female	24	"Verduyn was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in December 2017 "" for her contributions to Canadian studies , notably as a professor and author , and for her commitment to making Canadian literature accessible to a broader audience . """	professor
female	1	Physics professor Jane Darlington decides on her 34th birthday that the time has come to have the baby that she 's always wanted , even though there 's no man in her life .	professor
female	5	Her father was a college professor and her mother was an accountant .	professor
female	5	"She currently works as adjunct professor in the Department of Biology and the Ecology Center at Utah State University and her latest book is "" Amphibians , Reptiles , and Humans : Cultural Perceptions and Conservation Consequences "" ."	professor
female	1	"A professor of political science , Bennett has a publication record which includes joint - authorship , with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett , of "" Living with Leviathan : Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government "" ( 2007 ) ."	professor
female	2	But the professor , in love with her , will defend her from scandal .	professor
female	13	In the end , the rewards of the experience won over both this professor and her student nurses .	professor
female	3	This vibrant distinguished professor is celebrating her 90th birthday .	professor
female	9	Her parents were both immunologists , her father a professor and her mother a research technician .	professor
female	2	"Although her professor and classmates laughed at her choice of subject matter , those 50 pages became the basis for her first book , "" Island Flame "" ."	professor
female	9	In marked contrast to her high-school counselor , the professor insisted she pursue further education ; after receiving her bachelor ' s degree , Mart i nez went on to Columbia Law School , and graduated in 1967 .	professor
female	10	And , when it came to sex , the lady professor proved that she was stronger than many men .	professor
female	1	The professor questions her own argument , thereby parodically and poetically disrupting her own academic discourse .	professor
female	8	In her work on tokenism and gender , professor Kanter said that the problems experienced by women in a typically male - dominated occupations were due solely to the skewed proportions of men and women in these occupations .	professor
female	3	She said the professor continued to use the word even after she told him that she was offended .	professor
female	5	Her father was an engineering professor and her mother was an elementary school teacher .	professor
female	22	Beverly 's real name is Joan Grey but she uses a pseudonym so that the reputation of her father , a college professor , wo n't be sullied by her association with criminals , including boyfriend Steve London .	professor
female	6	Her father was a Cornell University professor and her grandfather was the wildlife illustrator Louis Agassiz Fuertes .	professor
female	13	D in 1986 at Duke University , until moving onward to becoming a professor herself .	professor
female	38	Waite is currently working on a book about pedagogy and the teaching of writing that will be published in 2017 by the University of Pittsburgh Press , a project that aligns with Waite 's role as a writing professor and her interest in the how s and why s of teaching writing and composition to first - year college students .	professor
female	10	Saraa has seven siblings , her father is a university professor and her uncle , Fawzi Barhoum ( ) , is a Hamas spokesman .	professor
female	8	RuPaul announces the winner and the winner 's professor gives her her diploma and a feather boa in the university 's colors of purple and orange .	professor
female	5	Her father was a physics professor at Swarthmore College and her grandfather was a professor of botany at Harvard University .	professor
female	21	"In her book "" Diversity , Inc : The Failed Promise of a Billion - Dollar Business "" , NYU journalism professor Pamela Newkirk criticises the diversity industry in the United States , including the type of diversity training programmes conducted by DiAngelo ."	professor
female	13	Considerable internet controversy was generated in the country in 2009 after an expatriate professor who attended a parade posted her reaction on the online forum Qatar Living .	professor
female	5	Her mother was a microbiology professor and her father , a federal appeals court judge .	professor
female	3	She was appointed professor of Indian art at the University of Calcutta in 1924 , where she taught until 1950 .	professor
female	11	"In her book , "" On The Courthouse Lawn "" , professor and civil rights lawyer Sherrilyn Ifill wrote of Matthew Williams :"	professor
female	5	The play involves a female professor and her interactions with a student .	professor
female	8	Her younger brother is Hiroshi Kimura , a professor of Political Science and her daughter is Momiji Yamamura , an actress .	professor
female	1	A Professor Emerita at the University of San Francisco , she is recognized for her work promoting bilingual and multicultural education in the United States .	professor
female	22	""" deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a mortally wounded university professor , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen ."	professor
female	22	It deals with standard problems in the theory of personal identity in the form of a dialogue between a terminally ill university professor at a small Midwestern college , Gretchen Weirob , and her two friends , Sam Miller and Dave Cohen .	professor
female	15	She was survived by her daughter , Martha Sharp Joukowsky , a retired Brown University professor and her son , Waitstill Hastings Sharp Jr.	professor
female	10	As a student at Carleton College , she overheard a professor say she would write a novel one day .	professor
female	3	"Thernstrom 's poetry professor showed the thesis to literary agents , and she soon received an advance of $ 367,000 . """	professor
female	1	"Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "" Weeds in the Garden of Words "" that expressions including "" no worries "" , "" absolutely "" , and "" bottom line "" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings ."	professor
female	1	The professor ended up resigning from Rollins claiming she had received hateful messages and threats , but she remained a full professor at Valencia College .	professor
female	17	Along with a Japanese crew , an attractive U.S. Marine officer , and a somewhat shady Swiss professor , Konrad Martin , Ella and her team descent to the deepest spot on earth and barely escape disaster : They find a gigantic , perfectly round stone that reacts to their probing with a deadly heat ray .	professor
female	10	On June 23 , 1939 , Harvard University ’s astronomy professor Harlow Shapley wrote on her behalf to Radcliffe College which operated as Harvard ’s sister school .	professor
female	4	Even though her English professor had praised her work , she felt the praise was undue .	professor
female	21	She earned a diploma in Smolensk in 1925 , where her father , Eugène - Ferdinand Piccard , was a university professor and her mother a language teacher at the lycée .	professor
female	16	"In Ostriker 's first year of graduate school , she attended a conference where a visiting professor commented on her poetry by saying , "" ' You"	professor
female	4	After her performance the professor proposes to her , and she accepts .	professor
female	15	Her parents were involved in science and medicine : her father was an organic chemistry professor and her mother worked in a medical laboratory .	professor
female	2	"Harvard Shakespeare professor Marjorie Garber made an academic case for bisexuality with her 1995 book "" Vice Versa :"	professor
female	34	To practice teaching in front of a classroom full of children as well as her fellow education students was especially difficult for her , but Muriel hid her fear so well that the supervising professor praised her apparent lack of nervousness .	professor
female	3	Further , the professor found she was more thorough in critiquing students ' papers knowing they would be externally reviewed .	professor
female	6	During her last year as assistant professor , Harris was Director of Student Affairs in the School of Social Work .	professor
female	19	"Noonan had considered unjust the award of court costs against Palsgraf , and in her 2016 book , law professor Cathleen Kaveny agreed , "" the penalty imposed on Palsgraf for seeking justice through the courts was to deprive her , a single mother , of the ability to support her children   ..."	professor
female	7	Interestingly , the patient herself is a professor of ethics in genomic sciences , and she and her medical team thus far have not been able to formally diagnose her with mitochondrial disease .	professor
female	6	Edythe D. London , a UCLA professor leading a 3-year study was targeted by activists and her home was flooded by the Animal Liberation Front .	professor
female	1	The professor was immediately relieved of her duties as an educational instructor and a replacement instructor was appointed to teach the remainder of the Fall 2018 semester .	professor
female	1	Her professor , Emrys Jones , offered her scholarships which allowed her to perform in London .	professor
female	16	However , in her senior year of college took a several anthropology classes , and a professor suggested that she attend graduate school for anthropology .	professor
female	17	"the underclass flower - girl Eliza Doolittle is metaphorically "" brought to life "" by a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , who teaches her to refine her accent and conversation and otherwise conduct herself with upper - class manners in social situations ."	professor
female	18	Both of her parents were academics at the University of Nebraska – Lincoln , her father a physics professor and her mother a professor of comparative literature who studied the author George Sand .	professor
female	7	Akiko , a late-career Japanese female science professor who eventually returned to Japan , explained that she moved to the UK as a young academic in order to unstick herself from Japan 's gender regime :	professor
female	31	In 2017 , Olewiler became a recipient of the 2017 YWCA Women of Distinction Award in the category of Education , Training & Development for her position as the first female professor at Queens and her work with the School of Public Policy at Simon Fraser University .	professor
female	7	At the book launch , Joycean scholar professor Anne Fogarty spoke of her surprise at opening the book to meet the voice of Giorgio Joyce , a figure neglected by Joycean scholars .	professor
female	1	"Her professor recommends her for a position at the "" San Francisco Chronicle "" and she goes for an interview ."	professor
female	18	"Eaton was born in Boston and raised in Pasadena , California , her father a Caltech English literature professor and her mother , Katherine Emery , an actress both on Broadway ( in Lillian Hellman 's "" The Children 's Hour "" ) and in film ."	professor
female	14	Laura Quilter ( born 1968 ) is a writer , lawyer , librarian , professor , and science fiction fan known for both her work on intellectual property and new media , and her long - standing archive of information on feminist science fiction .	professor
female	4	"As Boston University law professor Susan Koniak observed in her critique of Brickman 's 1994 challenge to the American Bar Association 's Ethics Committee , when "" Professor Brickman is not pleased , "" it is not unusual for "" sound and fury "" to be conspicuous features of his prose ."	professor
female	38	Many nights later , the kids transform themselves into their real form tiyanaks with elemental powers of water , air , and land attack the group , killing and disabling them one by one , until only the professor , the mother and her son , and some students remain .	professor
female	7	"While her first novel , "" The Professor "" , was rejected by publishers , her second novel , "" Jane Eyre "" , was published in 1847 ."	professor
female	13	In her first semester at the University of Florida , Ivory 's English professor invited her to join the invitational honors program based on writing ability and told her to consider a career as an author .	professor
female	1	The professor follows her , and she tells him that she is three months pregnant .	professor
female	19	"In her review of "" Facts on the Ground "" for "" American Ethnologist "" , Kimbra L. Smith professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs , writes that "" Abu El Haj provides an important and timely look at some of the politics of self - representation behind the Israeli government 's public face , within a broader argument about science 's capacity for political involvement and for maintaining and even advancing colonialist policies ."	professor
female	17	After they are done Lolita wipes her memory from everyone 's brain and returns home where her professor gives her an ' A ' on her report .	professor
female	43	The challenges were not only methodological ( how do you estimate use from ownership ? ) and epistemological ( what constitutes proof that will satisfy both historians and lawyers ? ) , but also sociological and psychological : what happens when an associate professor puts her progress toward full professor on hold for the sake of a court case ?	professor
male	5	"The reel reveals that the professor and his wife were working on translating the book , a seemingly demonic sex guide known as the "" Necronomicum Ex - Mortis "" ."	professor
male	15	Unfortunately , Micky struggles with the course and is distracted by an erotic story his professor accidentally slips in with his coursework .	professor
male	23	After entering MIT in 1948 , Kloss bought woodworking tools which he used to make enclosures for a speaker designed by an MIT professor and his student .	professor
male	30	""" "" , released in August 2009 , is an American movie starring actor Richard Gere , directed by Lasse Hallström , about Hachikō and his relationship with an American professor & his family following the same basic story , but a little different , for example Hachiko was a gift to professor Ueno , this part is entirely different in the American version ."	professor
male	4	In 1931 , MIT professor Harold Edgerton ( a pioneer of high - speed photography ) partnered with his graduate student Kenneth Germeshausen to found a small technical consulting firm .	professor
male	16	"In his 2013 book , "" Democracy and Political Ignorance "" , George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin argued that political decentralization in a federal democracy confronts the widespread issue of political ignorance by allowing citizens to engage in foot voting , or moving to other jurisdictions with more favorable laws ."	professor
male	5	An example might be a professor who sees himself as a brilliant educator who deals with poor student reviews by devaluing the students or the means of evaluation .	professor
male	2	A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform .	professor
male	10	"In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a "" Festschrift "" was published in his honor : """	professor
male	1	A professor of environmental studies in Japan wrote in his book that Japan 's modern commercial whaling bears little resemblance to the small - scale subsistence whaling that , until the dawn of the 20th century , was limited to certain coastal regions , and Japan 's whale - eating culture was also very limited in scope and an invented tradition , only lasting 20 years from the end of World War II to the early 1960s to augment Japanese school lunch programs during the U.S. occupation .	professor
male	0	Professor A. W. Bernard of Nashville , Tennessee took claim to his invention in 1897 .	professor
male	1	"The professor has received acclaim from critics , particularly for his bizarre inventions such as the hamburger earmuffs , and he has appeared on many reviewers ' listings of their favorite supporting characters from "" The Simpsons "" ."	professor
male	23	The first reliable data about courses taught at the University of Belgrade , which also covered English literature originate from 1873 , when professor Svetomir Nikolajević introduced sections on Shakespeare and Byron in his lectures .	professor
male	18	Initially it is established that Langdon is a successful scholar who Brown named after John Langdon , a professor of typography at Drexel University who is known for his creation of ambigrams .	professor
male	17	In December 2005 , Tennenhouse left to head A9.com , and Andrew A. Chien , a former professor with high performance computing background at UC San Diego took over his position .	professor
male	2	A full professor at the University of Houston from 1978 onward , Leiber ended his career at Florida State University .	professor
male	1	A professor tells his colleague he has made time travel possible .	professor
male	17	The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves .	professor
male	4	His mother was a professor and his father a businessman .	professor
male	7	In December 1938 , Phillipp Schwartz former professor at the University of Frankfurt , used his formerly established Notgemeinschaft Deutscher Wissenschaftler i m Ausland society to provide aid to Edinger .	professor
male	9	In 1949 , he was appointed as an associate professor at the Department of Zoology of the Natural Science Faculty at Alexandru Ioan Cuza University , Iași , and his alma mater .	professor
male	14	In his place , famed abolitionist and preacher Charles Grandison Finney ( already a professor at the college since its founding ) was made president , serving until 1866 .	professor
male	6	"Also in October 1997 , a professor of systematic theology at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary was relieved of his teaching duties because he "" voiced dissent about actions of the administration of the institution . """	professor
male	9	On April 12 , 1648 , Tollius was appointed professor of history and Greek at the University of Harderwijk , where he was also secretary of the College of Curators .	professor
male	3	The Dorpat University professor of Russian language and literature ( since 1873 ) , Viskovatov devoted himself to re - discovering , compiling , and studying the vast and dispersed Lermontov 's legacy .	professor
male	1	The professor turned and asked me to answer the question , as he knew I have been studying modern naval history through my writing on Wikipedia .	professor
male	44	"She spent a year in Bonn , Germany , studying first economics , then switching to history of art , living in what she called a "" kind of prison "" : a 17th - century observatory in the Poppelsdorfer Allee , with a professor of astronomy and his wife and child ."	professor
male	3	An old sociology professor of mine said that he realised he was getting old when his occasional deliberate walks past supermarkets to see what was being surveyed no longer resulted in being stopped to be interviewed .	professor
male	5	A year later , a professor of Medieval history from Antioke University known as Baron Tyme used his sorcery to take control of Francine .	professor
male	6	In 1964 , Albrecht was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Heidelberg , where he remained until his retirement in 1998 .	professor
male	1	"Canadian professor Peter Hallward , in his book "" Damming the Flood "" , accused Christian Aid of supporting US led violent regime change in Haiti in 2004 ."	professor
male	5	In 1844 he was made professor of dogmatic theology in the seminary at Luxemburg , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	6	In 1841 he was appointed a professor at the Prussian Academy of Art , where he had been a teacher since 1839 .	professor
male	1	My professor said he knows the president and he often helps them out on a contract basis to create formulas for their research .	professor
male	1	A professor at Dartmouth College , he currently teaches in the women ' s and gender studies department , '' Professor Michael Bronski Wins Prestigious Stonewall Book Award '' .	professor
male	4	Geyser 's appointment as professor produced controversies from the outset , relating to other faculty members , his lack of a doctorate , the selection of a rector for the University and , later , his theological interpretations and political views .	professor
male	7	Betty fails the class , and the professor withdraws his recommendation from Marv 's college application , without which Marv has no chance of earning a scholarship .	professor
male	24	He spent a year as an assistant professor at the University of Southern California and then returned to France to serve as an associate professor at University of Paris - Sud and for his ScD in mathematics from the University of Paris VI , which he received in 1981 .	professor
male	1	"The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins ' "" sprung rhythm "" technique ."	professor
male	12	George confronts Oubier about his girlfriend ' s abduction , but the professor claims he knows nothing , and that he has not been in Paris recently .	professor
male	9	The specific epithet honours Leslie S. Hall , a professor at the University of Quennsland , who was noted for his contributions to the study of chiropterans .	professor
male	13	Soon after he returned to England during 1948 , he was made a professor at the Institute of Archaeology at the University of London He spent part of the years 1949 and 1950 in Pakistan as Archaeological Adviser to the Government , helping to establish the Archaeological Department of Pakistan , and the National Museum of Pakistan at Karachi .	professor
male	25	Mount Misch was named by mountaineer and author Fred Beckey for his friend Peter Misch ( 1909 - 1987 ) , University of Washington geology professor and mountaineer , who was renowned for his study of the North Cascades .	professor
male	4	He was a popular professor and his Lithuanian lectures inspired several priests , including Juozas Tumas - Vaižgantas and Maironis , to join the Lithuanian National Revival .	professor
male	5	In 1895 he was appointed professor of comparative anatomy at Sapienza University of Rome , where he would spent the rest of his life .	professor
male	1	The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force .	professor
male	1	The professor , his servant Conseil and Ned Land whaler fall overboard onto a submarine , which they initially mistake for a giant dangerous animal .	professor
male	0	Professor Brownstein is well known for his scholarship on the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	professor
male	4	He was made a professor at the University of Breslau in 1811 , where he served until 1816 .	professor
male	13	Kang Ji - seung is soon transferred back to the city while the professor losses his job at the university .	professor
male	4	When disgraced Harvard philosophy professor Jack Carson Griffin ( Glenn Howerton ) loses out on his dream job to his rival Miles Leonard ( Tom Bennett ) , he is forced to return to Toledo , Ohio and work as an advanced placement biology teacher at the fictional Whitlock High School .	professor
male	24	In parallel , starting from 1931 he was professor of statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and in 1933 he was appointed associate professor of mathematics and statistics at The Netherlands School of Economics , Rotterdam , where he stayed until 1973 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor of Sanskrit in 1805 , four years after he joined the college .	professor
male	1	The professor leaves a note that he would return late as he had to attend some urgent work and she shall wait for his arrival .	professor
male	9	After advising Moe to modernize his bar , the professor drowns himself in the campus lake .	professor
male	9	Chun enrolled at Sacremento Junior College , where a professor insisted that he apply to the Art Center College of Design -LRB- ACCD -RRB- in Pasadena , California .	professor
male	2	Former Harvard professor Paul H. Weaver uncovered the same inefficient and bureaucratic behavior from corporations during his stint at Ford Motor Corporation .	professor
male	10	One dark and stormy evening , the civic - minded Professor Stinkbaum was working in his lab where he was secretly building a machine that would save the world from pollution by transporting it to a place he called Dimension X - Crement .	professor
male	10	After he received his PhD , he was appointed assistant professor .	professor
male	7	Rouletabille is falsely accused of murdering a professor and his wife .	professor
male	11	""" Kagi "" is a psychological novel in which an aging professor arranges for his wife to commit adultery in order to boost his own sagging sexual desires ."	professor
male	11	"His family was musical : "" his father was a music professor and his mother an opera singer ."	professor
male	12	Champollion 's studies under Silvestre de Sacy in Paris but finds the professor who had himself failed decipher hieroglyphs dismissive of further attempts believing them to be symbolic rather than a true language .	professor
male	2	British political professor Steve Ludlum wrote in his paper “ Participation is key to Cuba ’s democracy ” that “ Two models of democracy competed for support in nineteenth century Europe .	professor
male	6	Coming back to senses , the professor confesses his act to Madhavankutty .	professor
male	7	"In 2010 , University of Chicago Law professor Brian Leiter , in his "" Leiter Law School Rankings "" , ranked the UC Irvine faculty 9th in the nation in terms of scholarly impact ."	professor
male	5	In 1847 Lewy was appointed professor of chemistry at Bogot a , New Granada , where he enjoyed great popularity and filled many honorary offices .	professor
male	5	Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .	professor
male	6	In 1981 , he was appointed professor of `` aesthetics and cultural educations '' at the University of Wuppertal , where he became professor emeritus in 2001 .	professor
male	11	With the gunman set to enter his class , this brave professor blocked the door with his body while his students fled to safety .	professor
male	3	A female neurology professor , Mine Kujo , meets a man by the name of Ryosuke Akiba and discovers that he is a genetically-engineered human with the ES gene .	professor
male	5	"Fr Roger Haight S.J. , professor of theology at the Weston School of Theology in Massachusetts , was relieved of his teaching duties and asked to respond to questions about his book "" Jesus Symbol of God "" ."	professor
male	11	The result was a feminine population which , as one medical professor warned his students , was of no use as cadavers from which to study human anatomy .	professor
male	11	Figure 1 ] .Emergency exploratory laparotomy was performed by an additional professor and his team with 11 years of experience in trauma surgeries and care .	professor
male	7	He has also taught as a visiting professor at Bergische Universität in Wuppertal ( 1984–1985 ) and at his alma mater , The Czech Technical University in Prague ( 1992–1993 ) .	professor
male	7	In 2009 he was appointed a part-time professor of philosophy at Tilburg University in the Netherlands , where he runs a summer school and teaches in philosophy and liberal arts .	professor
male	1	The professor does n't provide much information , but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai .	professor
male	6	Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife .	professor
male	1	Another professor at Harvard said that he sold weapons to China .	professor
male	19	He was the third of three children of the Canadian - born Hector Macpherson , Sr . , a professor of agricultural economics at Oregon Agricultural College ( today known as Oregon State University ) and his Chicago - born wife , the former Margaret Buchanan Dupee .	professor
male	6	Ari Helenius is a Finnish emeritus professor of biochemistry who is known for his research in virology .	professor
male	9	Moments later we see that Thakur dies and the Professor and his charioteer Shambhu Kaka ( Kumud Tripathi ) are attacked by a gruesome , ghastly , vengeful deformed ghoul .	professor
male	5	On 8 June 1943 , professor Petrović died in his home in Kosančićev Venac Street in Belgrade .	professor
male	4	His Father is a professor in Literature and his mother a Social work Professional .	professor
male	3	The absent minded professor leaves his case ( containing the pen ) in a taxi .	professor
male	11	Neaman gave masterclasses all over the world and as a guest Professor had his own class four times a year at the Peter Cornelius Konservatorium in Mainz , Germany , from 1973 until his death .	professor
male	8	According to his wife , no Virginia Tech professor has ever published more articles than Librescu .	professor
male	20	When the strip began , the shapely , attractive Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife .	professor
male	3	It shows the professor and his wife drive off .	professor
male	7	In addition , he was a visiting professor at Texas Tech University School of Law , Loyola University New Orleans School of Law , and his alma mater , South Texas College of Law where he received the Student Bar Association 's Professor Excellence Award for 2004–2005 and 1999–2000 .	professor
male	22	On November 19 , 2004 , the Hawaii Department of Health ( HDOH ) received a report that a University of Hawaii professor aged 56 years had been hospitalized with suspected leptospirosis after cleaning his flooded laboratory .	professor
male	18	Robert Duane Ballard ( born June 30 , 1942 ) is a retired American Navy officer and a professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island who is most noted for his work in underwater archaeology : maritime archaeology and archaeology of shipwrecks .	professor
male	44	He has degrees in history from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and in political science from Tel Aviv University -LRB- TAU -RRB- , and received his PhD in modern history from the University of Paris in 1971 , after which he was appointed professor of modern Western history at TAU , where he directed the Center for International Studies .	professor
male	2	"A longtime professor and academic dean at the University of Alberta 's school of pharmacy , he was best known for his humor novel "" Gophers Do n't Pay Taxes "" , which won the Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour in 1982 ."	professor
male	5	In 1964 he was named professor of sculpture at the Nicolae Grigorescu Institute of Plastic Arts in Bucharest , where he was a close friend of painter Corneliu Baba .	professor
male	8	During his student years , Orbeli accompanied his professor , Nicholas Marr , to Russian Armenia , where he took part in excavations of the ruins of the medieval Armenian capital of Ani .	professor
male	17	In 1810 he was chosen professor of clinical medicine at Harvard Medical School , and in 1812 professor of theory and practice , which post he held until 1835 , and was afterward professor emeritus until his death .	professor
male	21	The girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory , vowing that they will not come out until the professor gets his job back .	professor
male	12	His father , Yury Efimovich Spokoyny ( 1929—2009 ) , was a professor at the Odessa Polytechnic Institute , and his mother , Irma Borisovna Spokoyny ( Brain - Litwin ) ( born in 1930 ) , was a high school French teacher .	professor
male	45	While one identifies himself with the author in deploring the idea that the Jews today are responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus because they are descendants of the Jews of Judea in A.D. 30 , it must , in honesty , be observed that the professor is not convincing in his interpretation of the Gospels .	professor
male	20	He lectured for a year at the University of Glasgow and then , in 1967 , was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , where he has remained since .	professor
male	5	"Of his influence , humanities professor Robert Pattison wrote : "" Two centuries earlier the establishment would have burned him as a heretic ; two centuries later it would have made him a professor of comparative religion in a California university ."	professor
male	9	Hale was a friend of the Princeton University English professor , Willard Thorp , and his wife Margaret Farrand Thorp .	professor
male	26	"After this , Schmitt resigned from his position as "" Reichsfachgruppenleiter "" ( Reich Professional Group Leader ) , although he retained his job as a professor in Berlin and his title "" Prussian State Councillor "" ."	professor
male	7	In 1870 H u bner was appointed professor of Classical Philology in the University of Berlin , where he died .	professor
male	5	The next day , the professor is caught red-handed by Aravind , Subha and her friends , but surrenders and explains that he received a huge sum of money from the China government if he carried out Operation Red .	professor
male	0	"Professor of theology David R. Blumenthal , in his book "" Facing the Abusing God "" , supports the "" theology of protest "" , which he saw as presented in the play , "" The Trial of God "" ."	professor
male	6	In 1824 , he was appointed professor of anatomy at the Rochefort Naval School , where from 1832 to 1835 , he was a professor of medicine .	professor
male	9	Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , USF professor Sami Al - Arian was interviewed by Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly regarding his connections to Ramadan Shalah , leader of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .	professor
male	1	The professor believes that ‘ Arthur ’ may not have been a single individual but an inherited office and he emphasises the notion of Arthur and his knights slumbering below the West Country landscape awaiting the call to return to action in a time of peril , more as an idea than a physical reality .	professor
male	0	"Professor of German History and Bonhoeffer scholar Richard Weikart , for example , credits his "" engaging writing style , "" but claims Metaxas has a lack of intellectual background to interpret Bonhoeffer properly ."	professor
male	6	After two years as a visiting professor at Harvard and then Tanglewood Music Center , Copland in 1952 bought his first house , Shady Lane Farm in Ossining .	professor
male	5	"A "" future physics "" professor , Peter Fowler , used his scientific knowledge to destroy German radar jamming devices during the war ."	professor
male	26	Although Chandler was a likely choice to become the society 's first president because of his role in organizing the society , New York University chemistry professor John William Draper was elected as the first president of the society because of his national reputation .	professor
male	30	The professor 's secret underground museum and training facility is breached by the law enforcers and in a desperate bid to buy Karigan and Cade time to escape , the professor blows up the entire complex including himself .	professor
male	24	He also taught marine and freshwater biology during some summers at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratories on Long Island , and was visiting professor at the University of Texas and the University of Minnesota where he also taught summer courses .	professor
male	14	"It was followed by "" Dragon Under the Hill "" , where a history professor in Northumberland finds himself re - enacting a tragedy that took place in the Viking era ."	professor
male	4	Kastholm was later appointed professor at Bergische Universit a t in Wuppertal near D u sseldorf where he taught design from 1975 to 1996 .	professor
male	3	He was appointed professor at Chinon where he married Claudette Perrotin , a teacher .	professor
male	3	A former cybernetics professor at UCLA , Huntington ' Hunt ' Wethers was recruited by Aaron Kurtzman for his expertise in computers and cybernetics .	professor
male	7	In one instance , a South Korean professor tried to teach Koryo - mar at Almaty State University , but he did not achieve much success .	professor
male	6	In 1643 , he was appointed professor of rhetoric and history at Deventer , and in 1658 to the Greek chair at Leiden , where he remained until his death .	professor
male	12	Having allowed the deaths of Erica and Rojer as distractions , the professor finally enacts his plan to say the name Killjoy originally went by in antiquity , in an effort to subdue him .	professor
male	16	"In 1950 , Quinn created "" The Halls of Ivy "" a lighthearted comedy about a professor , William Todhunter Hall , the president of small , Midwestern Ivy College , and his wife , Victoria , a former British musical comedy star who sometimes felt the tug of her former profession , and followed their interactions with students , friends , and college trustees ."	professor
male	1	The professor of architecture , Sir Leslie Martin -LRB- designer of the Royal Festival Hall -RRB- , suggested he consider heating engineering , a new field where he could be free to be inventive and design things using his physics degree .	professor
male	10	In 1604 the archbishop officially described his nephew , a professor of civil law and his own vicar - general , as archdeacon of Glendalough Cathedral , and as keeping a competent vicar to perform the parochial duties attached .	professor
male	44	With all those imaginary commonwealths to draw upon , from Plato , through More , Bacon , and Campanella , down to Bellamy and Morris , he has constructed the shakiest effigy ever made of old clothes stuffed with straw , '' says the professor , one of Homos ' s discussion partners , to his fellow Americans .	professor
male	8	Constant 's attorney used the defense that the professor and his wife were drunk when he committed the shooting .	professor
male	6	In 1987 , he was appointed professor and head of the psychology department at the University of Tennessee , where he served until June 1989 , when he assumed his position as APA Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer .	professor
male	6	His mother was a Portuguese language professor and his father a policeman .	professor
male	15	Back home , Roger and Francine amuse themselves in town , pretending to be a professor and his wife .	professor
male	6	"In 2007 , University of Virginia professor Larry J. Sabato proposed , in his book "" A More Perfect Constitution "" , a Constitutional amendment that would settle the issue by spelling out the exact powers of each branch in the Constitution itself ."	professor
male	7	The first teacher of organic chemistry was professor Ivan Marek ( 1863–1936 ) , recognized for his later innovations and improvements of the furnace for organic elemental analysis .	professor
male	25	"He then enrolls in an academic preparatory school ( a "" khâgne "" ) in Bordeaux , where he is influenced by M. Debigorre , professor of literature , former Pétainist , who is harassed by his students , and whom the narrator successfully defends against them ."	professor
male	5	In the morning , the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island , where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives .	professor
male	5	He was a very efficient professor and many of his students were well-known scientists .	professor
male	4	"He thought that a professor succeeds with his students , "" by his ability to make his conversations and lectures more interesting than song , dance , drink and fast driving "" ."	professor
male	2	College English professor Richard Brown is in the office of his doctor and receives sad news concerning his health .	professor
male	1	The professor told him that he could ask questions privately in his office because they embarrassed him .	professor
male	1	A professor and a former director of the Graduate Institute of Philosophy of National Central University , he received his B.A. and M.Phil .	professor
male	8	"During his studies at Alfred University , his professor told him , "" Joey , you 're going to China . "" , and Ellis found himself in Beijing two weeks later ."	professor
male	7	In 1687 , S. K. Zeidler , professor of the Faculty of Medicine in Prague , published his textbook on the fundamentals of medicine entitled Institutiones Medicae .	professor
