female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .	physician
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
